feat(applications-mscs-cma): initial release CTOR-1929 (#4884)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-mscs-cma.md

| CRITICALSTATUS | Define the conditions to match for the status to be CRITICAL. You can use the following variables: %\{state\}, %\{display\}, %\{owner\_node\} | %\{state\} =~ /failed\|offline/ |           |
| EXTRAOPTIONS   | Any extra option you may want to add to the command (a --verbose flag for example). All options are listed [here](#available-options).        | --verbose                       |           |

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

3. [Deploy the configuration](/docs/monitoring/monitoring-servers/deploying-a-configuration). The service appears in the list of services, and on the **Resources Status** page. The command that is sent by the connector is displayed in the details panel of the service: it shows the values of the macros.

## How to check in the CLI that the configuration is OK and what are the main options for?

Once the plugin is installed, log into your Centreon poller's CLI using the
**centreon-engine** user account (`su - centreon-engine`). Test that the connector 

> is able to monitor a resource using a command like this one (replace the sample values by yours):

Author: ```suggestion
Test that the plugin is able to monitor your Windows server by using a command like this one (replace the sample values by yours):
```

```bash
C:/Program Files/Centreon/Plugins/centreon_plugins.exe" \

> 	--plugin=apps::microsoft::mscs::local::plugin \

Reviewer: same as FR

	--mode=resourcegroup-status \
	--timeout="120" \
	--filter-name="" \
	--unknown-status="%\{state\} =~ /unknown/" \
	--warning-status="%\{is\_preferred\_node\} == 0" \
	--critical-status="%\{state\} =~ /failed|offline/" \
	--verbose
```

> The expected command output is shown below:

Author: ```suggestion
> NB: This command cannot be run on the pollers, it must be launched directly on the Windows host.

The expected command output is shown below:
```
